README.md, before:

# [Submission] Edge Esmeralda x Hackathon  

This is a WIP game where you use an avatar and an artifact from your Mona wallet to race towards the finish line while avoiding cannon fire. You can also repeatedly drop your artifact onto the field if you have a gamepad.  

## Steps to play  
1. Download the SpeedLink zip from [here](https://github.com/migdall/mona-sdk-example-xr/releases/tag/v0.1)  
2. Unzip
3. Double click the TestMagicLink.exe file
4. Click the Mona button in the top right corner of the screen
5. Click on WalletConnect
6. Use your Metamask mobile wallet app to authenticate
7. Choose your avatar
8. Choose your artifact
9. If you are playing solo, click Create Lobby once and wait for 10 seconds until you see a new lobby name and then click Play.
10. If you are playing with a friend, click Create Lobby once and wait for 10 seconds until you see a new lobby name and then your friend must click on your lobby name, then click Join Lobby, then you click Play. Unfortunately you will start playing before they do.
11. There is no end so to play again shutdown the game and start over again.

Enjoy :)

Watch gameplay video on the release page.

Commit message:

Update README.md with game title and description

README.md, after:

# [Submission] Edge Esmeralda x Hackathon  

Game Title: "Speed Link"  
Game Description: A casual multiplayer survival racer where you try to get to the finish line with as many points as possible.  

This is a WIP game where you use an avatar and an artifact from your Mona wallet to race towards the finish line while avoiding cannon fire. You can also repeatedly drop your artifact onto the field if you have a gamepad.  

## Steps to play  
1. Download the SpeedLink zip from [here](https://github.com/migdall/mona-sdk-example-xr/releases/tag/v0.1)  
2. Unzip
3. Double click the TestMagicLink.exe file
4. Click the Mona button in the top right corner of the screen
5. Click on WalletConnect
6. Use your Metamask mobile wallet app to authenticate
7. Choose your avatar
8. Choose your artifact
9. If you are playing solo, click Create Lobby once and wait for 10 seconds until you see a new lobby name and then click Play.
10. If you are playing with a friend, click Create Lobby once and wait for 10 seconds until you see a new lobby name and then your friend must click on your lobby name, then click Join Lobby, then you click Play. Unfortunately you will start playing before they do.
11. There is no end so to play again shutdown the game and start over again.

Enjoy :)

Watch gameplay video on the release page.
